hey everyone is chilly today we'll be
making chicken parmesan it's really
simple to make it's delicious and I've
never met a person who doesn't like
chicken parm so why not make it now
let's get started so in total I'll be
using two chicken breasts which I'm
going to butterfly like this you want to
slide a knife through it almost all the
way I'd open it like a book you do not
have to butterfly your chicken however
if the chicken breast is too thick
you won't be able to taste much of the
breading or cheese and I like to taste a
bit of everything so this is the second
chicken breast which I'm also going to
butterfly I'm going to remove most of
the fat and had a lot of fat so when you
slice the fat off your chicken it should
just slide off if your knife is giving
you a hard time
I suggest you sharpen your knife
remember a sharp knife is safer than a
dull knife I use some plastic wrap on
both sides if you only use plastic on
top your chicken will slide around while
you pound it I don't have a meat mallet
so I used a rolling pin or a rock
whichever is closer
be classy and using meat mallet don't
pound the chicken on the same spot or
else you'll get holes in the chicken and
you don't want any holy chicken if you
watch my chicken schnitzel video you'll
see how I pound it out really thin you
can certainly pound it out back then it
definitely didn't want this chicken to
be thick but I didn't want it as the
thinnest schnitzel either although the
best chicken parm I've ever had it was
very thin you want to season both sides
of the chicken breasts with the salt and
pepper some people only season the flour
I seasoned both by the way my
grandmother was over my house when I was
recording this and I had to keep my eye
on her because she really wanted to
sneak in some oil on the chicken salt
and pepper is enough grandma
all right so coat your chicken breast on
both sides with flour that little part
didn't want to get coated but I got him
shake off the excess flour and then
we're going to coat the chicken and egg
I like to use one egg per chicken so I
use two eggs total and you need bags so
the breadcrumbs stick I used regular
store-bought breadcrumbs I don't like to
use panko breadcrumbs for this but you
can use your favorite breadcrumbs you
can even make your own make sure to call
every single piece of the chicken
breadcrumbs also I think it's a great
idea to
make a few extra of these and keep them
in the fridge you'll be happy you did
later on in the week alright so make
sure you use enough special oil to fry
these in you just have to make sure
every bit of breadcrumbs touches oil I
cook these for about three minutes on
each side I was going to cook both
chicken breasts at the same time but I
then decided not to we are going to
place these back in the same skillet and
finish them off in the oven I like to
wipe off the excess oil but you don't
have to I honestly could have stopped
right here and ate these just like this
they look beautiful not oily not dry
just perfect add as much or as little
sauce as you like if you have guests
coming over you may ask them what's
their preference if they like lots of
marinara sauce you may want to add sauce
on the top and the bottom I only had it
an on top I had it some shredded
mozzarella cheese I do love fresh
mozzarella but I don't like the way it
melts
I honestly think shredded mozzarella
melts the best I grated a little bit of
fresh parmesan on top
fresh bottled whatever you have at home
it's fine I also added a little extra
sauce on the side so the cheese doesn't
run over on the side of the skillet and
burn it sprinkle a little bit of oregano
I placed it in the oven at 350 degrees
for about five minutes
make sure your skillet is oven safe make
sure it doesn't have a rubber handle I
serve this with a spaghetti you may
serve it with anything you like
grandmother suggested rice whatever
floats your boat this was so delicious
it's not really much of a recipe more of
a technique on how to make it I really
hope you guys give this a try I thought
that little parsley looks adorable don't
roll your eyes please I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and thank you all so
much for watching